Add renderInactivePanels to TabPanels (#722)
seek-oss/braid-design-system: .changeset/curly-steaks-dream.md

---
'braid-design-system': minor
---

---
updated:
  - TabPanels
---

TabPanels: Add `renderInactivePanels` prop

> By default, the children of `TabPanel` components are only rendered when they are selected. However, in cases where you want to preserve local component state when switching tabs this behaviour is undesirable. Setting `renderInactivePanels` will cause the `TabPanel` children to be rendered all the time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the children of `TabPanel` components are only rendered when they are selected. However, in cases where you want to preserve local component state when switching tabs, this behaviour is undesirable. Setting `renderInactivePanels` will cause the `TabPanel` children to be rendered even when visually hidden.
```
